
# Prepositions of place : 

## at
to specify your location or your point .
shop, work/home , activities


## On
Surface , on the street, on the 1st floor, on the table, Media, public transport

## In
inside, enclosed space, in the room, in France (territory) , water, printed material
We can't say in the street

3D or enclosed space


## Some exceptions :

1) I'm in the car       Personal Use
2) I'm in the van

3)   I'm on the bus
          on the train            Public or neans of transport
          on the airplane          


in boat

on ship (bateau de croisière ferry, navire)





## Rôle play vendeur / acheteur :

  

Vendeur (V) : Hi sir how can I help you

  

Acheteur (A) :  Hello, sir

  

V : nice to meet you

  

A : nice to meet you

  

A :  i want to buy a new car but i have a doubt between electric or petrol car can you please help me to take a good decision ?

  

V: Okay i understand , at first let me know your budget. What amount can you invest in your new car 

  

A : I dont know, i think something like 25k but i want to know first if electric vehicule are more expensive than petrol car ? I looked on the web and i didnt find the info

  

V : If you’re interested by electric vehicle , you have to know that the amount is around 40 000€ for the cheaper

  

A : Oh, i see i didnt anticipate for that. Then i think i will go for a petrol car … can you show me what do you have here ? 

  

V : know that in the long term an electric car can be cheaper because you can save money on the fuel. If u used electricity instead of petrol

  

A :  Oh yes, can you tell me exactly about how much economy are we talking for 1 year for exemple ?

  

V : On 15 kilometer you could save approximately 800(eight hundred) euros for 1 year. And if we consider more years , you can get more benefit.

  

A : That can be interesting, but i want to know how autonomy are working ? I need to buy a charger for my home ? 

  

V : For a ev car u have less autonomy than a petrol car and you will find fewer charging stations. 

Because these cars are newer but in the future there will be more and more 

  

A : Ok i see, thanks for your advice, but like i told you i dont have have the money for now, but EV car are really good.

I will come back in future let me see other options.

Thanks man see you soon ! 

  

V : Okay sir with pleasure.

  
**



## Modal Verbs :

1) Can : abilities to do something, asking for permission
      could                            in the PAST


2) Must : internal obligation
    must'nt : prohibition


3) Have to : external obligation


4) need to : necessity


5) Will : suggestions
    would : polite request (souhaiterez-vous)


6) shall : with I and We very polite request (permettez-moi)