
Thermal paste should be applied after installing the CPU heat sink.

False

Before replacing laptop components both the battery and power cable should be removed.

True

The laptop manual should be consulted before removing any components.

True

Component replacement steps are the same for all laptops.

False

Laptop motherboards have a standard form factor and will fit most all laptops.

False

Laptop batteries and RAM modules are considered customer-replaceable units (CRUs).

True



-----

Here’s how the protocols match with their respective descriptions:

- **POP3 (Post Office Protocol 3)**: Retrieves email from a remote server over TCP/IP. Normally does not leave a copy of email on the email server. Default port is 110.
- **MIME (Multipurpose Internet Mail Extensions)**: Extends the email format to include text in ASCII standard as well as other formats, such as pictures and word processor documents.
- **IMAP (Internet Message Access Protocol)**: Allows the user to organize email on the network email server, and to download copies of the email. The original copy of the email remains on the network server. Default port is 143.
- **SSL (Secure Sockets Layer)**: Developed to transmit files securely. All data exchanged between the email client and email server is encrypted.
- **Exchange**: An email server, contact manager, and calendaring software created by Microsoft.
- **SMTP (Simple Mail Transfer Protocol)**: A text-based protocol that transmits emails across a TCP/IP network. Default port is 25.



Mobile devices are more likely than desktop computers to be exposed to harmful materials and situations.

_**True**. Mobile devices are portable and are used in different types of environments. They are also commonly carried in pockets and purses. They can be damaged by drops, excess moisture, heat, or cold._

Use ammonia or alcohol to clean touchscreens on mobile devices.

_**False**. Harsh chemicals such as alcohol or ammonia can damage mobile device components such as touchscreens. Instead, use cleaning solutions designed for touchscreens and lint-free cloths._

Compressed air can be used to clean the cooling vents and fan on a laptop.

_**True**. To clean out the dust from the vents and from the fan behind the vent use compressed air or non-electrostatic vacuum._

A wet cloth should be used to clean mobile device touchpads.

_**False**. To clean the touchpad gently use a soft, lint-free cloth that is moistened with an approved cleaner._
